TCD-2855: Insights - undocumented endpoints (#2066)
saucelabs/sauce-docs: docs/dev/api/insights.md

### Get Filter Items

<details><summary><span className="api get">GET</span> <code>/v2/insights/&#123;source&#125;/filters</code></summary>
<p/>

Return data for all tests that match the request criteria.

#### Parameters

<table id="table-api">
  <tbody>
    <tr>
     <td><code>source</code></td>
       <td><p><small>| PATH | REQUIRED | STRING |</small></p><p>Return results only for tests run in virtual device cloud or real device cloud. Supported values are:</p><p>
     <ul>
      <li><code>rdc</code> - Real Device Cloud</li>
      <li><code>vdc</code> - Virtual Device Cloud</li>
    </ul></p></td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
     <td><code>org_id</code></td>
       <td><p><small>| QUERY| REQUIRED | STRING |</small></p><p>Return results only for the specified <code>org_id</code>.</p></td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
     <td><code>status</code></td>
     <td><p><small>| QUERY | OPTIONAL | ARRAY of STRINGS |</small></p><p>Limit results to only those with a specified status. Supported values are:</p><p>
     <ul>
      <li><code>passed</code></li>
      <li><code>error</code></li>
      <li><code>failed</code></li>
      <li><code>complete</code></li>

>     </ul></p>Default value is: <code>["error", "failed", "passed", "complete"]</code>

Reviewer: @LoryApiFortress All values are default? The description of the same parameter for the Analytics > Get Test Results endpoint doesn't include a default.
<img width="777" alt="Screenshot 2023-06-05 at 5 06 06 PM" src="https://github.com/saucelabs/sauce-docs/assets/15352964/9bea5112-e460-4126-b65a-90152ee9749f">

Author: @lysannep yes, this is what the OpenAPI file says. I requested the review from Pawel and Hannah to double-check that all is correct.

    </tr>
  </tbody>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
     <td><code>end</code></td>
       <td><p><small>| QUERY | OPTIONAL | DATE |</small></p><p>The ending date of the period during which the test runs executed, in <code>YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssZ</code> (UTC) format.</p></td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
     <td><code>browser</code></td>
     <td><p><small>| QUERY | OPTIONAL | ARRAY OF STRINGS |</small></p><p>Limit results to only those run on the specified browsers.</p></td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
     <td><code>build</code></td>
     <td><p><small>| QUERY | OPTIONAL | STRING |</small></p><p>Limit results to those grouped by this build name.</p></td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
     <td><code>os</code></td>
     <td><p><small>| QUERY | OPTIONAL | ARRAY OF STRINGS |</small></p><p>Limit results to only those run on the specified operating systems.</p></td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
     <td><code>tag</code></td>
     <td><p><small>| QUERY | OPTIONAL | ARRAY OF STRINGS |</small></p><p>Limit results to only those run on the specified tag.</p></td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
     <td><code>tag_filter_mode</code></td>

>      <td><p><small>| QUERY | OPTIONAL | STRING |</small></p><p>It changes the default behavior of <code>tag</code> filters: when you add multiple <code>tag</code> filters, the default behavior is <code>or</code>. When you add <code>tag_filter_mode=and</code>, the results are limited to only those with all <code>tags</code> provided. Available values are: <code>and</code>, <code>or</code>. Default value is <code>or</code>.</p></td>

Reviewer: When there is more than one available value, we should use a bulleted list so the description is easier to read.
```suggestion
     <td><p><small>| QUERY | OPTIONAL | STRING |</small></p><p>It changes the default behavior of <code>tag</code> filters: when you add multiple <code>tag</code> filters, the default behavior is <code>or</code>. When you add <code>tag_filter_mode=and</code>, the results are limited to only those with all <code>tags</code> provided. Available values are: <ul><li><code>and</code></li><li><code>or</code></li></ul> Default value is <code>or</code>.</p></td>
```

  </tbody>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
     <td><code>group_id</code></td>
     <td><p><small>| QUERY | OPTIONAL | STRING |</small></p><p>Return results only for the specified <code>group_id</code>.</p></td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
     <td><code>team_id</code></td>
     <td><p><small>| QUERY | OPTIONAL | STRING |</small></p><p>Return results only for the specified <code>team_id</code>.</p></td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
     <td><code>must_have</code></td>

>      <td><p><small>| QUERY | OPTIONAL | STRING |</small></p><p>[Add description]. Available value is: <code>exception</code>.</p></td>

Reviewer: @LoryApiFortress Looks like the description is missing for `must_have`.

Author: @lysannep I know...I'm waiting for @paweldudzinski to provide the description.

---

### Get Filter Items from All Sources

<details><summary><span className="api get">GET</span> <code>/insights/v2/filters</code></summary>
<p/>

> Return data, from all sources, for all tests that match the request criteria.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Return data from all sources for all tests that match the request criteria.
```

#### Parameters

<table id="table-api">
  <tbody>
    <tr>
     <td><code>org_id</code></td>
       <td><p><small>| QUERY| REQUIRED | STRING |</small></p><p>Return results only for the specified <code>org_id</code>.</p></td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
     <td><code>status</code></td>

>      <td><p><small>| QUERY | OPTIONAL | ARRAY of STRINGS |</small></p><p>Limit results to only those with a specified status. Supported values are:</p><p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     <td><p><small>| QUERY | OPTIONAL | ARRAY OF STRINGS |</small></p><p>Limit results to only those with a specified status. Supported values are:</p><p>
```

     <ul>
      <li><code>passed</code></li>
      <li><code>error</code></li>
      <li><code>failed</code></li>
      <li><code>complete</code></li>

>     </ul></p>Default value is: <code>["error", "failed", "passed", "complete"]</code>

Reviewer: @LoryApiFortress All values are default? The description of the same parameter for the [Analytics > Get Test Results](https://docs.saucelabs.com/dev/api/insights/#get-test-results) endpoint doesn't include a default.

    </tr>
  </tbody>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
     <td><code>end</code></td>
       <td><p><small>| QUERY | OPTIONAL | DATE |</small></p><p>The ending date of the period during which the test runs executed, in <code>YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssZ</code> (UTC) format.</p></td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
     <td><code>browser</code></td>
     <td><p><small>| QUERY | OPTIONAL | ARRAY OF STRINGS |</small></p><p>Limit results to only those run on the specified browsers.</p></td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
     <td><code>build</code></td>
     <td><p><small>| QUERY | OPTIONAL | STRING |</small></p><p>Limit results to those grouped by this build name.</p></td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
     <td><code>os</code></td>
     <td><p><small>| QUERY | OPTIONAL | ARRAY OF STRINGS |</small></p><p>Limit results to only those run on the specified operating systems.</p></td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
     <td><code>tag</code></td>
     <td><p><small>| QUERY | OPTIONAL | ARRAY OF STRINGS |</small></p><p>Limit results to only those run on the specified tag.</p></td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
     <td><code>tag_filter_mode</code></td>

>      <td><p><small>| QUERY | OPTIONAL | STRING |</small></p><p>It changes the default behavior of <code>tag</code> filters: when you add multiple <code>tag</code> filters, the default behavior is <code>or</code>. When you add <code>tag_filter_mode=and</code>, the results are limited to only those with all <code>tags</code> provided. Available values are: <code>and</code>, <code>or</code>. Default value is <code>or</code>.</p></td>

Reviewer: When there is more than one available value, we should use a bulleted list so the description is easier to read.
```suggestion
     <td><p><small>| QUERY | OPTIONAL | STRING |</small></p><p>It changes the default behavior of <code>tag</code> filters: when you add multiple <code>tag</code> filters, the default behavior is <code>or</code>. When you add <code>tag_filter_mode=and</code>, the results are limited to only those with all <code>tags</code> provided. Available values are: <ul><li><code>and</code></li><li><code>or</code></li></ul> Default value is <code>or</code>.</p></td>
```

    </tr>
  </tbody>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
     <td><code>device</code></td>
     <td><p><small>| QUERY | OPTIONAL | ARRAY OF STRINGS |</small></p><p>Limit results to only those run on the specified device.</p></td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
     <td><code>automation_backend</code></td>
     <td><p><small>| QUERY | OPTIONAL | ARRAY OF STRINGS |</small></p><p>Limit results to only those run on the specified framework.</p></td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
     <td><code>user_id</code></td>
       <td><p><small>| PATH | REQUIRED | STRING |</small></p><p>Return only jobs that belongs to the specified <code>user_id</code></p></td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
     <td><code>group_id</code></td>
     <td><p><small>| QUERY | OPTIONAL | STRING |</small></p><p>Return results only for the specified <code>group_id</code>.</p></td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
     <td><code>team_id</code></td>
     <td><p><small>| QUERY | OPTIONAL | STRING |</small></p><p>Return results only for the specified <code>team_id</code>.</p></td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
     <td><code>must_have</code></td>

>      <td><p><small>| QUERY | OPTIONAL | STRING |</small></p><p>[Add description]. Available value is: <code>exception</code>.</p></td>

Reviewer: The description is missing for `must_have`.

```jsx title="Sample Response"
{
  "automation_backend": [
    {
      "name": "<automation_backend>",
      "count": 5
    }
  ],
  "browser": [
    {
      "name": "<browser>",
      "count": 7
    }
  ],
  "build": [
    {
      "name": "<build>",
      "count": 2
    }
  ],
  "os": [
    {
      "name": "<os>",
      "count": 4
    }
  ],
  "device": [
    {
      "name": "<device>",
      "count": 8
    }
  ],
  "tag": [
    {
      "name": "<tag>",
      "count": 8
    }
  ]
}
```

</details>

## Activity

### Get Activity

<details><summary><span className="api get">GET</span> <code>/rest/v1/users/&#123;user_id&#125;/activity</code></summary>
<p/>

Return daily statistics about test results and concurrency usage for the specified <code>user_id</code>.

#### Parameters

<table id="table-api">
  <tbody>
    <tr>
     <td><code>user_id</code></td>
       <td><p><small>| PATH | REQUIRED | STRING |</small></p><p>Return only jobs that belongs to the specified <code>user_id</code></p></td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
     <td><code>since</code></td>

>        <td><p><small>| QUERY | OPTIONAL | STRING |</small></p><p>Return only jobs ran from the provided Unix timestamp on.</p></td>

Reviewer: @LoryApiFortress Does this description make sense?
```suggestion
       <td><p><small>| QUERY | OPTIONAL | STRING |</small></p><p>Return only jobs ran after the provided Unix timestamp.</p></td>
```

    </tr>
  </tbody>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
     <td><code>until</code></td>
       <td><p><small>| QUERY | OPTIONAL | STRING|</small></p><p>Return only jobs ran until the provided Unix timestamp.</p></td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
     <td><code>level</code></td>
     <td><p><small>| QUERY | OPTIONAL | STRING |</small></p><p>

>      Specifies the ownership level. Supported values are: <code>user</code>, <code>organization</code>

Reviewer: When there is more than one available value, we should use a bulleted list so the description is easier to read.
```suggestion
     Specifies the ownership level. Supported values are: <ul><li><code>user</code></li></li><code>organization</code></li></ul>
```

```

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="eu">

```jsx title="Sample Request"
curl -u "$SAUCE_USERNAME:$SAUCE_ACCESS_KEY" --location \
--request GET "https://api.eu-central-1.saucelabs.com/rest/v1/users/<user_id>/activity" | json_pp
```

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

#### Responses

<table id="table-api">
<tbody>
  <tr>
    <td><code>200</code></td>
    <td colSpan='2'>Success.</td>
  </tr>
</tbody>
<tbody>
  <tr>
    <td><code>422</code></td>
    <td colSpan='2'>Validation Error.</td>
  </tr>
</tbody>
</table>

```jsx title="Sample Response"
{
  "ccy_exec_mean": [
    0
  ],
  "ccy_exec_peak": [
    0
  ],
  "datestamp": [
    "2023-04-18"
  ],
  "jobs": [
    0
  ],
  "minutes": [
    0
  ]
}
```

</details>

---

### Get Activity for Users

<details><summary><span className="api get">GET</span> <code>/rest/v1/users_activity</code></summary>
<p/>

Return daily statistics about test results and concurrency usage.

#### Parameters

<table id="table-api">
  <tbody>
    <tr>
     <td><code>users</code></td>
       <td><p><small>| QUERY | OPTIONAL | ARRAY of STRINGS |</small></p><p>Limit results to specific users.</p></td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
     <td><code>since</code></td>

>        <td><p><small>| QUERY | OPTIONAL | DATE |</small></p><p>Return only jobs ran from the provided Unix timestamp on.</p></td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       <td><p><small>| QUERY | OPTIONAL | STRING |</small></p><p>Return only jobs ran after the provided Unix timestamp.</p></td>
```

Reviewer: The descriptions for the `since` and `until` parameters in this section are categorized as a "DATE", whereas we describe the same parameters as a "STRING" in other places in this file.

Author: fixed

    </tr>
  </tbody>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
     <td><code>until</code></td>

>        <td><p><small>| QUERY | OPTIONAL | DATE |</small></p><p>Return only jobs ran until the provided Unix timestamp.</p></td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       <td><p><small>| QUERY | OPTIONAL | STRING |</small></p><p>Return only jobs ran before the provided Unix timestamp.</p></td>
```

  </tbody>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
     <td><code>automation_backend</code></td>
     <td><p><small>| QUERY | OPTIONAL | ARRAY OF STRINGS |</small></p><p>Limit results to only those run on the specified framework.</p></td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
     <td><code>build</code></td>
     <td><p><small>| QUERY | OPTIONAL | ARRAY of STRINGS |</small></p><p>Limit results to those grouped by this build name.</p></td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
     <td><code>os</code></td>
     <td><p><small>| QUERY | OPTIONAL | ARRAY OF STRINGS |</small></p><p>Limit results to only those run on the specified operating systems.</p></td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
     <td><code>device</code></td>
     <td><p><small>| QUERY | OPTIONAL | ARRAY OF STRINGS |</small></p><p>Limit results to only those run on the specified device.</p></td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
     <td><code>device_group</code></td>

>      <td><p><small>| QUERY | OPTIONAL | STRING |</small></p><p>Return results only for the specified device group. Available values are: <code>private</code>, <code>public</code>.</p></td>

Reviewer: When there is more than one available value, we should use a bulleted list so the description is easier to read.
```suggestion
     <td><p><small>| QUERY | OPTIONAL | STRING |</small></p><p>Return results only for the specified device group. Available values are: <ul><li><code>private</code></li><li><code>public</code></li></ul></p></td>
```

    </tr>
  </tbody>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
     <td><code>browser</code></td>
     <td><p><small>| QUERY | OPTIONAL | ARRAY OF STRINGS |</small></p><p>Limit results to only those run on the specified browsers.</p></td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
     <td><code>tag</code></td>
     <td><p><small>| QUERY | OPTIONAL | ARRAY OF STRINGS |</small></p><p>Limit results to only those run on the specified tag.</p></td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
     <td><code>tag_filter_mode</code></td>

>      <td><p><small>| QUERY | OPTIONAL | STRING |</small></p><p>It changes the default behavior of <code>tag</code> filters: when you add multiple <code>tag</code> filters, the default behavior is <code>or</code>. When you add <code>tag_filter_mode=and</code>, the results are limited to only those with all <code>tags</code> provided. Available values are: <code>and</code>, <code>or</code>. Default value is <code>or</code>.</p></td>

Reviewer: When there is more than one available value, we should use a bulleted list so the description is easier to read.
```suggestion
     <td><p><small>| QUERY | OPTIONAL | STRING |</small></p><p>It changes the default behavior of <code>tag</code> filters: when you add multiple <code>tag</code> filters, the default behavior is <code>or</code>. When you add <code>tag_filter_mode=and</code>, the results are limited to only those with all <code>tags</code> provided. Available values are: <ul><li><code>and</code></li><li><code>or</code></li></ul> Default value is <code>or</code>.</p></td>
```

    </tr>
  </tbody>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
     <td><code>start</code></td>
       <td><p><small>| QUERY | OPTIONAL | DATE |</small></p><p>The starting date of the period during which the test runs executed, in <code>YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssZ</code> (UTC) format.</p></td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
     <td><code>end</code></td>
       <td><p><small>| QUERY | OPTIONAL | DATE |</small></p><p>The ending date of the period during which the test runs executed, in <code>YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssZ</code> (UTC) format.</p></td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
     <td><code>limit</code></td>
     <td><p><small>| QUERY | OPTIONAL | INTEGER |</small></p><p>Identifies the number of records to return. Default value is <code>50</code>.</p></td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
     <td><code>offset</code></td>
     <td><p><small>| QUERY | OPTIONAL | INTEGER |</small></p><p>Specifies the number of items to be skipped from the beginning of the list. Default value is <code>0</code>.</p></td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
     <td><code>sort_by</code></td>

>      <td><p><small>| QUERY | OPTIONAL | STRING |</small></p><p>Sort the dataset by the specified value. Available values are: <code>duration</code>, <code>creation_time</code>. Default value is <code>creation_time</code>.</p></td>

Reviewer: When there is more than one available value, we should use a bulleted list so the description is easier to read.
```suggestion
     <td><p><small>| QUERY | OPTIONAL | STRING |</small></p><p>Sort the dataset by the specified value. Available values are: <ul><li><code>duration</code></li><li><code>creation_time</code></li></ul>. Default value is <code>creation_time</code>.</p></td>
```

    </tr>
  </tbody>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
     <td><code>sort</code></td>

>      <td><p><small>| QUERY | OPTIONAL | STRING |</small></p><p>Sort the dataset in ascending or descending order. Available values are: <code>asc</code>, <code>desc</code>. Default value is <code>desc</code>.</p></td>

Reviewer: When there is more than one available value, we should use a bulleted list so the description is easier to read.
```suggestion
     <td><p><small>| QUERY | OPTIONAL | STRING |</small></p><p>Sort the dataset in ascending or descending order. Available values are: <ul><li><code>asc</code></li><li><code>desc</code></li></ul>. Default value is <code>desc</code>.</p></td>
```

      "is_expired": false
    }
  ],
  "total": 5,
  "statuses": {
    "additionalProp1": 3,
    "additionalProp2": 5,
    "additionalProp3": 2
  },
  "max_duration": 10
}
```

</details>

---

### Get Test Cases

<details><summary><span className="api get">GET</span> <code>/v2/insights/&#123;source&#125;/test-cases</code></summary>
<p/>

Return an array of test cases (grouped by name) with statistical details.

#### Parameters

<table id="table-api">
  <tbody>
    <tr>
     <td><code>source</code></td>
       <td><p><small>| PATH | REQUIRED | STRING |</small></p><p>Return results only for tests run in virtual device cloud or real device cloud. Supported values are:</p><p>
     <ul>
      <li><code>rdc</code> - Real Device Cloud</li>
      <li><code>vdc</code> - Virtual Device Cloud</li>
    </ul></p></td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
     <td><code>org_id</code></td>
       <td><p><small>| QUERY| REQUIRED | STRING |</small></p><p>Return results only for the specified <code>org_id</code>.</p></td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
     <td><code>interval</code></td>
     <td><p><small>| QUERY | OPTIONAL | STRING |</small></p><p>

>      Relative date filter. Available values are: <code>1m</code> (1 month), <code>15m</code> (15 months), <code>1h</code> (1 hour), <code>6h</code> (6 hours), <code>12h</code> (12 hours), <code>1d</code> (1 day), <code>7d</code> (7 days), <code>30d</code> (30 days). Default value is <code>1d</code>

Reviewer: When there is more than one available value, we should use a bulleted list so the description is easier to read.
```suggestion
     Relative date filter. Available values are: <ul><li><code>1m</code> (1 month)</li><li><code>15m</code> (15 months)</li><li><code>1h</code> (1 hour)</li><li><code>6h</code> (6 hours)</li><li><code>12h</code> (12 hours)</li><li><code>1d</code> (1 day)</li><li><code>7d</code> (7 days)</li><li><code>30d</code> (30 days)</li></ul> Default value is <code>1d</code>.
```

---

### Get Coverage from All Sources

<details><summary><span className="api get">GET</span> <code>/insights/v2/coverage/&#123;coverage_field&#125;</code></summary>
<p/>

> Return information, from all sources, about test coverage for the specified <code>coverage_field</code>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Return information from all sources about test coverage for the specified <code>coverage_field</code>.
```

#### Parameters

<table id="table-api">
  <tbody>
    <tr>
     <td><code>coverage_field</code></td>

>        <td><p><small>| PATH | REQUIRED | STRING |</small></p><p>Available values are:<code>device</code>, <code>browser</code>, <code>os</code>.</p><p>

Reviewer: When there is more than one available value, we should use a bulleted list so the description is easier to read.
```suggestion
       <td><p><small>| PATH | REQUIRED | STRING |</small></p><p>Available values are:<ul><li><code>device</code></li><li><code>browser</code></li><li><code>os</code></li></ul>.</p><p>
```

>      </p></td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     </td>
```

     <td><code>start</code></td>
       <td><p><small>| QUERY | OPTIONAL | DATE |</small></p><p>The starting date of the period during which the test runs executed, in <code>YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssZ</code> (UTC) format.</p></td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
     <td><code>end</code></td>
       <td><p><small>| QUERY | OPTIONAL | DATE |</small></p><p>The ending date of the period during which the test runs executed, in <code>YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssZ</code> (UTC) format.</p></td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
     <td><code>org_id</code></td>
       <td><p><small>| QUERY| REQUIRED | STRING |</small></p><p>Return results only for the specified <code>org_id</code>.</p></td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
     <td><code>team_id</code></td>
     <td><p><small>| QUERY | OPTIONAL | STRING |</small></p><p>Return results only for the specified <code>team_id</code>.</p></td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
     <td><code>user_id</code></td>
     <td><p><small>| QUERY | OPTIONAL | STRING |</small></p><p>Return only jobs that belongs to the specified <code>user_id</code>.</p></td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
     <td><code>device_group</code></td>

>      <td><p><small>| QUERY | OPTIONAL | STRING |</small></p><p>Return results only for the specified device group. Available values are: <code>private</code>, <code>public</code>.</p></td>

Reviewer: When there is more than one available value, we should use a bulleted list so the description is easier to read.
```suggestion
     <td><p><small>| QUERY | OPTIONAL | STRING |</small></p><p>Return results only for the specified device group. Available values are: <ul><li><code>private</code></li><li><code>public</code></li></ul></p></td>
```

    </tr>
  </tbody>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
     <td><code>sort_by</code></td>

>      <td><p><small>| QUERY | OPTIONAL | STRING |</small></p><p>Sort the dataset by the specified value. Available values are: <code>name</code>, <code>count</code>, <code>total_duration</code>. Default value is <code>count</code>.</p></td>

Reviewer: When there is more than one available value, we should use a bulleted list so the description is easier to read.
```suggestion
     <td><p><small>| QUERY | OPTIONAL | STRING |</small></p><p>Sort the dataset by the specified value. Available values are: <ul><li><code>duration</code></li><li><code>creation_time</code></li></ul>. Default value is <code>creation_time</code>.</p></td>
```

    </tr>
  </tbody>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
     <td><code>sort</code></td>

>      <td><p><small>| QUERY | OPTIONAL | STRING |</small></p><p>Sort the dataset in ascending or descending order. Available values are: <code>asc</code>, <code>desc</code>. Default value is <code>desc</code>.</p></td>

Reviewer: When there is more than one available value, we should use a bulleted list so the description is easier to read.
```suggestion
     <td><p><small>| QUERY | OPTIONAL | STRING |</small></p><p>Sort the dataset in ascending or descending order. Available values are: <ul><li><code>asc</code></li><li><code>desc</code></li></ul>. Default value is <code>desc</code>.</p></td>
```

    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

<Tabs
groupId="dc-url"
defaultValue="us"
values={[
{label: 'United States', value: 'us'},
{label: 'Europe', value: 'eu'},
]}>

<TabItem value="us">

```jsx title="Sample Request"
curl -u "$SAUCE_USERNAME:$SAUCE_ACCESS_KEY" --location \
--request GET "https://api.us-west-1.saucelabs.com/v2/insights/<source>/coverage/<coverage_field>/csv" | json_pp
```

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="eu">

```jsx title="Sample Request"
curl -u "$SAUCE_USERNAME:$SAUCE_ACCESS_KEY" --location \
--request GET "https://api.eu-central-1.saucelabs.com/v2/insights/<source>/coverage/<coverage_field>/csv" | json_pp
```

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

#### Responses

<table id="table-api">
<tbody>
  <tr>
    <td><code>200</code></td>
    <td colSpan='2'>Success.</td>
  </tr>
</tbody>
<tbody>
  <tr>
    <td><code>422</code></td>
    <td colSpan='2'>Validation Error.</td>
  </tr>
</tbody>
</table>

```jsx title="Sample Response"
{}
```

</details>

---

### Get Coverage CSV from All Sources

<details><summary><span className="api get">GET</span> <code>/insights/v2/coverage/&#123;coverage_field&#125;/csv</code></summary>
<p/>

> Return information, from all sources, about test coverage for the specified `coverage_field` in a CSV format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Return information from all sources about test coverage for the specified `coverage_field` in a CSV format.
```

#### Parameters

<table id="table-api">
  <tbody>
    <tr>
     <td><code>coverage_field</code></td>

>        <td><p><small>| PATH | REQUIRED | STRING |</small></p><p>Available values are:<code>device</code>, <code>browser</code>, <code>os</code>.</p><p>

Reviewer: When there is more than one available value, we should use a bulleted list so the description is easier to read.
```suggestion
       <td><p><small>| PATH | REQUIRED | STRING |</small></p><p>Available values are:<ul><li><code>device</code></li><li><code>browser</code></li><li><code>os</code></li></ul></p>

     <td><code>start</code></td>
       <td><p><small>| QUERY | OPTIONAL | DATE |</small></p><p>The starting date of the period during which the test runs executed, in <code>YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssZ</code> (UTC) format.</p></td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
     <td><code>end</code></td>
       <td><p><small>| QUERY | OPTIONAL | DATE |</small></p><p>The ending date of the period during which the test runs executed, in <code>YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssZ</code> (UTC) format.</p></td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
     <td><code>org_id</code></td>
       <td><p><small>| QUERY| REQUIRED | STRING |</small></p><p>Return results only for the specified <code>org_id</code>.</p></td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
     <td><code>team_id</code></td>
     <td><p><small>| QUERY | OPTIONAL | STRING |</small></p><p>Return results only for the specified <code>team_id</code>.</p></td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
     <td><code>user_id</code></td>
     <td><p><small>| QUERY | OPTIONAL | STRING |</small></p><p>Return only jobs that belongs to the specified <code>user_id</code>.</p></td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
     <td><code>device_group</code></td>

>      <td><p><small>| QUERY | OPTIONAL | STRING |</small></p><p>Return results only for the specified device group. Available values are: <code>private</code>, <code>public</code>.</p></td>

Reviewer: When there is more than one available value, we should use a bulleted list so the description is easier to read.
```suggestion
     <td><p><small>| QUERY | OPTIONAL | STRING |</small></p><p>Return results only for the specified device group. Available values are: <ul><li><code>private</code></li><li><code>public</code></li></ul></p></td>
```

</details>

## Trends

### Get Trends Tests

<details><summary><span className="api get">GET</span> <code>/v2/insights/&#123;source&#125;/trends/tests</code></summary>
<p/>

> Return an array of buckets with aggregations, for example number of tests run on a specific browser or device.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Return an array of buckets with aggregations, such as number of tests run on a specific browser or device.
```

    </tr>
  </tbody>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
     <td><code>device</code></td>
     <td><p><small>| QUERY | OPTIONAL | ARRAY OF STRINGS |</small></p><p>Limit results to only those run on the specified device.</p></td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
     <td><code>os</code></td>
     <td><p><small>| QUERY | OPTIONAL | ARRAY OF STRINGS |</small></p><p>Limit results to only those run on the specified operating systems.</p></td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
     <td><code>status</code></td>
     <td><p><small>| QUERY | OPTIONAL | ARRAY of STRINGS |</small></p><p>Limit results to only those with a specified status. Supported values are:</p><p>
     <ul>
      <li><code>complete</code></li>
      <li><code>error</code></li>
      <li><code>passed</code></li>
      <li><code>failed</code></li>
    </ul></p></td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
     <td><code>tag</code></td>
     <td><p><small>| QUERY | OPTIONAL | ARRAY OF STRINGS |</small></p><p>Limit results to only those run on the specified tag.</p></td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
     <td><code>tag_filter_mode</code></td>

>      <td><p><small>| QUERY | OPTIONAL | STRING |</small></p><p>It changes the default behavior of <code>tag</code> filters: when you add multiple <code>tag</code> filters, the default behavior is <code>or</code>. When you add <code>tag_filter_mode=and</code>, the results are limited to only those with all <code>tags</code> provided. Available values are: <code>and</code>, <code>or</code>. Default value is <code>or</code>.</p></td>

Reviewer: When there is more than one available value, we should use a bulleted list so the description is easier to read.
```suggestion
     <td><p><small>| QUERY | OPTIONAL | STRING |</small></p><p>It changes the default behavior of <code>tag</code> filters: when you add multiple <code>tag</code> filters, the default behavior is <code>or</code>. When you add <code>tag_filter_mode=and</code>, the results are limited to only those with all <code>tags</code> provided. Available values are: <ul><li><code>and</code></li><li><code>or</code></li></ul> Default value is <code>or</code>.</p></td>
```

          {
            "name": "<framework>",
            "count": 0
          }
        ],
        "os": [
          {
            "name": "<os>",
            "count": 8
          }
        ],
        "osError": [
          {
            "name": "<os>",
            "count": 2
          }
        ],
        "osFail": [
          {
            "name": "<os>",
            "count": 7
          }
        ],
        "owner": [
          {
            "name": "<owner>",
            "count": 0
          }
        ],
        "status": [
          {
            "name": "<status>",
            "count": 0
          }
        ]
      }
    }
  ],
  "metrics": {
    "additionalProp1": {
      "additionalProp1": 1,
      "additionalProp2": 4,
      "additionalProp3": 5
    },
    "additionalProp2": {
      "additionalProp1": 6,
      "additionalProp2": 8,
      "additionalProp3": 3
    },
    "additionalProp3": {
      "additionalProp1": 6,
      "additionalProp2": 7,
      "additionalProp3": 2
    }
  }
}
```

</details>

---

### Get Trends Tests from All Sources

<details><summary><span className="api get">GET</span> <code>/insights/v2/trends/tests</code></summary>
<p/>

> Return an array of buckets with aggregations, for example, the number of tests from all sources, run on a specific browser or device.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Return an array of buckets with aggregations, such as the number of tests from all sources run on a specific browser or device.
```

  </tbody>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
     <td><code>end</code></td>
       <td><p><small>| QUERY | OPTIONAL | DATE |</small></p><p>The ending date of the period during which the test runs executed, in <code>YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ssZ</code> (UTC) format.</p></td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
     <td><code>automation_backend</code></td>
     <td><p><small>| QUERY | OPTIONAL | ARRAY OF STRINGS |</small></p><p>Limit results to only those run on the specified framework.</p></td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
     <td><code>browser</code></td>
     <td><p><small>| QUERY | OPTIONAL | ARRAY OF STRINGS |</small></p><p>Limit results to only those run on the specified browsers.</p></td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
     <td><code>build</code></td>
     <td><p><small>| QUERY | OPTIONAL | ARRAY of STRINGS |</small></p><p>Limit results to those grouped by this build name.</p></td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
     <td><code>device</code></td>
     <td><p><small>| QUERY | OPTIONAL | ARRAY OF STRINGS |</small></p><p>Limit results to only those run on the specified device.</p></td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
     <td><code>device_group</code></td>

>      <td><p><small>| QUERY | OPTIONAL | STRING |</small></p><p>Return results only for the specified device group. Available values are: <code>private</code>, <code>public</code>.</p></td>

Reviewer: When there is more than one available value, we should use a bulleted list so the description is easier to read.
```suggestion
     <td><p><small>| QUERY | OPTIONAL | STRING |</small></p><p>Return results only for the specified device group. Available values are: <ul><li><code>private</code></li><li><code>public</code></li></ul></p></td>
```

    </tr>
  </tbody>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
     <td><code>os</code></td>
     <td><p><small>| QUERY | OPTIONAL | ARRAY OF STRINGS |</small></p><p>Limit results to only those run on the specified operating systems.</p></td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
     <td><code>source</code></td>
       <td><p><small>| QUERY | OPTIONAL | ARRAY |</small></p><p>Return results only for tests run in virtual device cloud or real device cloud. Supported values are:</p><p>
     <ul>
      <li><code>rdc</code> - Real Device Cloud</li>
      <li><code>vdc</code> - Virtual Device Cloud</li>
    </ul></p>Default value is: <code>["vdc", "rdc"]</code>
    </td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
     <td><code>status</code></td>
     <td><p><small>| QUERY | OPTIONAL | ARRAY of STRINGS |</small></p><p>Limit results to only those with a specified status. Supported values are:</p><p>
     <ul>
      <li><code>passed</code></li>
      <li><code>error</code></li>
      <li><code>failed</code></li>
      <li><code>complete</code></li>

>     </ul></p>Default value is: <code>["error", "failed", "passed", "complete"]</code>

Reviewer: @LoryApiFortress All values are default? The description of the same parameter for the [Analytics > Get Test Results](https://docs.saucelabs.com/dev/api/insights/#get-test-results) endpoint doesn't include a default.

    </td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
     <td><code>tag</code></td>
     <td><p><small>| QUERY | OPTIONAL | ARRAY OF STRINGS |</small></p><p>Limit results to only those run on the specified tag.</p></td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
     <td><code>tag_filter_mode</code></td>

>      <td><p><small>| QUERY | OPTIONAL | STRING |</small></p><p>It changes the default behavior of <code>tag</code> filters: when you add multiple <code>tag</code> filters, the default behavior is <code>or</code>. When you add <code>tag_filter_mode=and</code>, the results are limited to only those with all <code>tags</code> provided. Available values are: <code>and</code>, <code>or</code>. Default value is <code>or</code>.</p></td>

Reviewer: When there is more than one available value, we should use a bulleted list so the description is easier to read.
```suggestion
     <td><p><small>| QUERY | OPTIONAL | STRING |</small></p><p>It changes the default behavior of <code>tag</code> filters: when you add multiple <code>tag</code> filters, the default behavior is <code>or</code>. When you add <code>tag_filter_mode=and</code>, the results are limited to only those with all <code>tags</code> provided. Available values are: <ul><li><code>and</code></li><li><code>or</code></li></ul> Default value is <code>or</code>.</p></td>
```

          {
            "name": "<framework>",
            "count": 0
          }
        ],
        "os": [
          {
            "name": "<os>",
            "count": 8
          }
        ],
        "osError": [
          {
            "name": "<os>",
            "count": 2
          }
        ],
        "osFail": [
          {
            "name": "<os>",
            "count": 7
          }
        ],
        "owner": [
          {
            "name": "<owner>",
            "count": 0
          }
        ],
        "status": [
          {
            "name": "<status>",
            "count": 0
          }
        ]
      }
    }
  ],
  "metrics": {
    "additionalProp1": {
      "additionalProp1": 1,
      "additionalProp2": 4,
      "additionalProp3": 5
    },
    "additionalProp2": {
      "additionalProp1": 6,
      "additionalProp2": 8,
      "additionalProp3": 3
    },
    "additionalProp3": {
      "additionalProp1": 6,
      "additionalProp2": 7,
      "additionalProp3": 2
    }
  }
}
```

</details>

---

### Get Trends Errors

<details><summary><span className="api get">GET</span> <code>/v2/insights/&#123;source&#125;/trends/errors</code></summary>
<p/>

> Return statistics for errors that occurred on tests run in the specified period.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Return statistics for errors that occurred in tests run in the specified period.
```

  },
  "buckets": [
    {
      "name": "<name>",
      "count": 3,
      "items": [
        {
          "id": "abc123",
          "owner": "<owner>",
          "ancestor": "<ancestor>",
          "name": "<name>",
          "build": "build123",
          "creation_time": "2023-04-18T21:14:29.374Z",
          "start_time": "2023-04-18T21:14:29.374Z",
          "end_time": "2023-04-18T21:14:29.374Z",
          "duration": 4,
          "status": "complete",
          "error": "<error>",
          "os": "<os>",
          "os_normalized": "<os>",
          "browser": "<browser>",
          "browser_normalized": "<browser>",
          "details_url": "<url>"
        }
      ],
      "has_more": true
    }
  ],
  "all_items_count": 4
}
```

</details>

---

### Get Trends Errors from All Sources

<details><summary><span className="api get">GET</span> <code>/insights/v2/trends/errors</code></summary>
<p/>

> Return statistics, from all sources, for errors that occurred on tests run in the specified period.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Return statistics from all sources for errors that occurred on tests run in the specified period.
```

     <td><p><small>| QUERY | OPTIONAL | ARRAY OF STRINGS |</small></p><p>Limit results to only those run on the specified device.</p></td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
     <td><code>os</code></td>
     <td><p><small>| QUERY | OPTIONAL | ARRAY OF STRINGS |</small></p><p>Limit results to only those run on the specified operating systems.</p></td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
     <td><code>source</code></td>
       <td><p><small>| QUERY | OPTIONAL | ARRAY |</small></p><p>Return results only for tests run in virtual device cloud or real device cloud. Supported values are:</p><p>
     <ul>
      <li><code>rdc</code> - Real Device Cloud</li>
      <li><code>vdc</code> - Virtual Device Cloud</li>
    </ul></p>Default value is: <code>["vdc", "rdc"]</code>
    </td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
     <td><code>status</code></td>
     <td><p><small>| QUERY | OPTIONAL | ARRAY of STRINGS |</small></p><p>Limit results to only those with a specified status. Supported values are:</p><p>
     <ul>
      <li><code>passed</code></li>
      <li><code>error</code></li>
      <li><code>failed</code></li>
      <li><code>complete</code></li>

>     </ul></p>Default value is: <code>["error", "failed", "passed", "complete"]</code>

Reviewer: All values are default? The description of the same parameter for the [Analytics > Get Test Results](https://docs.saucelabs.com/dev/api/insights/#get-test-results) endpoint doesn't include a default.

    </td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
     <td><code>tag</code></td>
     <td><p><small>| QUERY | OPTIONAL | ARRAY OF STRINGS |</small></p><p>Limit results to only those run on the specified tag.</p></td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
     <td><code>tag_filter_mode</code></td>

>      <td><p><small>| QUERY | OPTIONAL | STRING |</small></p><p>It changes the default behavior of <code>tag</code> filters: when you add multiple <code>tag</code> filters, the default behavior is <code>or</code>. When you add <code>tag_filter_mode=and</code>, the results are limited to only those with all <code>tags</code> provided. Available values are: <code>and</code>, <code>or</code>. Default value is <code>or</code>.</p></td>

Reviewer: When there is more than one available value, we should use a bulleted list so the description is easier to read.
```suggestion
     <td><p><small>| QUERY | OPTIONAL | STRING |</small></p><p>It changes the default behavior of <code>tag</code> filters: when you add multiple <code>tag</code> filters, the default behavior is <code>or</code>. When you add <code>tag_filter_mode=and</code>, the results are limited to only those with all <code>tags</code> provided. Available values are: <ul><li><code>and</code></li><li><code>or</code></li></ul> Default value is <code>or</code>.</p></td>
```

            "browser_normalized": "<browser>",
            "details_url": "<url>",
            "is_expired": true
          }
        ],
        "aggs": {
          "status": [
            {
              "name": "passed",
              "count": 8
            }
          ]
        }
      }
    ],
    "has_more": true,
    "total": 10
  },
  "tests_missing_build": {
    "items": [
      {
        "id": "def456",
        "owner": "<owner>",
        "ancestor": "<ancestor>",
        "name": "<name>",
        "build": "build456",
        "creation_time": "2023-04-18T21:32:45.153Z",
        "start_time": "2023-04-18T21:32:45.153Z",
        "end_time": "2023-04-18T21:32:45.153Z",
        "duration": 10,
        "status": "failed",
        "error": "<error>",
        "os": "<os>",
        "os_normalized": "<os>",
        "browser": "<browser>",
        "browser_normalized": "<browser>",
        "details_url": "<url>",
        "is_expired": true
      }
    ],
    "has_more": true,
    "total": 0
  }
}
```

</details>

---

### Get Trends Builds Tests from All Sources

<details><summary><span className="api get">GET</span> <code>/insights/v2/trends/builds-tests</code></summary>
<p/>

> Return information, from all sources, about builds and tests run included in the build. Also, it provides information about tests without build names.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Return information from all sources about builds and tests run included in the build. Also, it provides information about tests without build names.
```

     <td><p><small>| QUERY | OPTIONAL | ARRAY OF STRINGS |</small></p><p>Limit results to only those run on the specified device.</p></td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
     <td><code>device_group</code></td>

>      <td><p><small>| QUERY | OPTIONAL | STRING |</small></p><p>Return results only for the specified device group. Available values are: <code>private</code>, <code>public</code>.</p></td>

Reviewer: When there is more than one available value, we should use a bulleted list so the description is easier to read.
```suggestion
     <td><p><small>| QUERY | OPTIONAL | STRING |</small></p><p>Return results only for the specified device group. Available values are: <ul><li><code>private</code></li><li><code>public</code></li></ul></p></td>
```

    </tr>
  </tbody>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
     <td><code>os</code></td>
     <td><p><small>| QUERY | OPTIONAL | ARRAY OF STRINGS |</small></p><p>Limit results to only those run on the specified operating systems.</p></td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
     <td><code>source</code></td>
       <td><p><small>| QUERY | OPTIONAL | ARRAY |</small></p><p>Return results only for tests run in virtual device cloud or real device cloud. Supported values are:</p><p>
     <ul>
      <li><code>rdc</code> - Real Device Cloud</li>
      <li><code>vdc</code> - Virtual Device Cloud</li>
    </ul></p>Default value is: <code>["vdc", "rdc"]</code>
    </td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
     <td><code>status</code></td>
     <td><p><small>| QUERY | OPTIONAL | ARRAY of STRINGS |</small></p><p>Limit results to only those with a specified status. Supported values are:</p><p>
     <ul>
      <li><code>passed</code></li>
      <li><code>error</code></li>
      <li><code>failed</code></li>
      <li><code>complete</code></li>

>     </ul></p>Default value is: <code>["error", "failed", "passed", "complete"]</code>

Reviewer: All values are default? The description of the same parameter for the [Analytics > Get Test Results](https://docs.saucelabs.com/dev/api/insights/#get-test-results) endpoint doesn't include a default.

>      <td><p><small>| QUERY | OPTIONAL | STRING |</small></p><p>It changes the default behavior of <code>tag</code> filters: when you add multiple <code>tag</code> filters, the default behavior is <code>or</code>. When you add <code>tag_filter_mode=and</code>, the results are limited to only those with all <code>tags</code> provided. Available values are: <code>and</code>, <code>or</code>. Default value is <code>or</code>.</p></td>

Reviewer: When there is more than one available value, we should use a bulleted list so the description is easier to read.
```suggestion
     <td><p><small>| QUERY | OPTIONAL | STRING |</small></p><p>It changes the default behavior of <code>tag</code> filters: when you add multiple <code>tag</code> filters, the default behavior is <code>or</code>. When you add <code>tag_filter_mode=and</code>, the results are limited to only those with all <code>tags</code> provided. Available values are: <ul><li><code>and</code></li><li><code>or</code></li></ul> Default value is <code>or</code>.</p></td>
```
